Biography's / Suspects

Name: Bethany Crocket (Mrs B. Crocket)

Age: 35

Hair Colour: Blonde

Marital Status: Married = Anthony James Crocket (Mr A. Crocket)

Height: 5 ft. 5

Shoe Size: 5

Build: Slim, yet toned.


Description: A white English woman who has a keen interest with clothes and has a job as a model. 
She is currently having relationship problems with her husband, Mr A. Crocket, which can lead to heated arguments.
Recently, she invested in life insurance for both her and her husband. Mrs Crocket also likes to document her life 
into a diary that she keeps on her person all the time. Loves the attention from anyone that will give her time and can be 
quite the manipulator but when it comes to physical contact, she is hardly a challenge. She is more concerned 
about her nails than anything else. Mrs Crocket is dressed in a black sparkly dress with diamond earrings and red heels.  
The make-up she wears is red lipstick, black eye shadow and dark red nail varnish. 


Name: James Whales (Mr J Whales) 

Age: 40

Hair Colour: Brown 

Marital Status: Divorced

Height: 5 ft. 6

Shoe Size: 10

Build: Slightly plump


Description: A white Italian male that wears a brown pinstripe suit with tan shoes. 
He typically likes to have his own way with things; also works in a bank. 
He has some anger issues that he is having a hard time to deal with and becomes quite snappy when it comes to cleanliness. 
Mr Whales owns a gun licence which he states that it is for his own protection. 


Name: Michael Grant (Mr M. Grant) 

Age: 30 

Hair Colour: Dark Blonde.

Marital Status: Single 

Height: 6ft 

Shoe Size: 10

Build: Athletic, well built


Description: A White English male that wears the standard 80's English Police Officer uniform (White shirt, black trousers and boots.)  
He works as a fellow detective that was recently transferred into the office with the position of officer. 
Still unsure of the cause of the transfer but could be due to his drinking problems. 
Despite this, he is still a well-mannered chap, observant and quick to act. 
All of these features are good qualities for a Detective of the law.